Everyone knows that there is a recyclebin in computer
From where we can restore deleted files
similarly everyone gets the doubt is this option is available in our smart phones
now,i am going to say the technique that definitely will help you
through which you can restore all types of files like videos,photos etc than you restore them to your smartphone like you do it in your computer
lets see this in practical
go to google play store and type Dumpster and install it in your smartphone
and then open the installed dumpster app you can see different folders like videos,images etc..,
By selecting ON or OFF option whether to store them in recyclebin after deleting from your smartphone
for example if you select ON option for images folder you can see your deleted files here
so,lets see this in practical
go to dumpster app and here you can see the previous image deleted by me in my smartphone
00:01:14.00 --> 00:01:16.oo
i deleted this image file by   clicking on the deleted image file you are able to see the preview of that
at the same time you can see restore and delete options shown in the screen
now by selecting the restore option in the screen you can restore the image then it will go to the previous location
or else if you select the delete option the image file will be deleted permanently from your smartphone
i am selecting the restore option
then it will get automatically restored to the previous location in your smart phone from where you deleted
now you can see the dumpster is empty which means the recyclebin is empty
so,next if you delete any file in your smartphone you can see it in dumpster app in your smartphone
then you can decide whether you can restore or delete those files from dumpster
Thank You very much for watching this video
if you like this video then please share this video to your friends also
To get more like these videos please visit Computerera.co.in website